Purchase and use Town Portal Scrolls to move around the map quickly.
Flaming a staff member is the easiest way to get banned.
Anyone can buy wards, and anyone can buy or upgrade the courier. If your team needs something, don't be afraid to buy it.
Be nice to new players.Everyone has to start somewhere.
Hero choices matter. Many heroes are strong counters to other heroes, and many hero pairings are far more powerful and useful than any hero is alone.
Holding Shift allows you to issue actions to be performed in a sequence.
You can hold Alt and click on an ability or item to inform your teammates if it is ready, on cooldown, or if you do not have enough mana to use it.
Holding Alt and clicking on an item in an enemy hero's inventory will alert your team that the enemy has that item.
Holding Alt and clicking on your Buyback button, or on your gold, will alert your team of your Buyback status.
In All Pick, players who have not chosen a Hero before the timer expires will begin to lose their starting gold.
Holding Alt and clicking on an enemy Hero's health and mana bars, or your own, will inform your team of that Hero's current health and mana.
It is everyone's responsibility to try to make the DotA community a friendly and inviting place to compete.
It is often a good idea to carry a Town Portal Scroll.
Check your minimap often. You may discover that you are about to be ambushed.
Often the best way to learn a Hero's weaknesses is to play them yourself.
Be aware of your position when attacking creeps. You may wind up pushing your team's creeps, and yourself, into a dangerous location.
The Secret Shop is not actually a secret.
After Roshan has been killed, he will respawn at a random time between 8 and 11 minutes.
Shift - clicking actions or abilities allows you to queue them.
Remember to check your allies' inventories before purchasing an item for its aura effect. A teammate may already have that item, and most auras do not stack.
Stun durations from different skills do not stack. You can keep an enemy stunned for longer with careful timing of your team's skills.
Always be nice to those who buy Wards and Couriers.
Switching Power Treads to Agility while healing allows your health and mana to restore slightly faster. Just don't forget to switch them back!
Average speed of a deer is 48km/h.
Please donate to our Patreon so we can pay for the server, huh?
If you can't get Brood Radi in min 10 are you even trying?
If you never played TRAPEM++++1 or DOTABR APEM NOOBS can you really call yourself a DOtA player?
Who would win in a 1v1 fantasy match? grga_man vs TooShade
4x bloodstone better than 3x bloodstone.
Did you know "tooshade" is second place on the ladder?
Being top 10 on the ladder confirms that you have become a pro player.